Foxit Software Incorporated
Foxit is a leading software provider of fast, affordable, and secure PDF solutions. Businesses
and consumers increase productivity by using Foxit’s cost effective solutions to securely work
with PDF documents and forms. Software developers reduce costs and improve time to
market with Foxit’s Software Development Kits (SDKs) to incorporate robust PDF technology
into their application workflows. This technology shares the same underlying technology that
powers Google’s open-source PDFium project. Winner of numerous awards, Foxit boasts
over 275 million users and has sold to over 100,000 customers located in over 200 countries.
Since Foxit products are ISO 32000-1/PDF 1.7 standard compliant, they are compatible with
other PDF products like those from Adobe®.
Product Overview
Foxit provides the following product offerings to our customers:
PDF Reading
 Foxit Reader - Small, fast, and feature rich PDF viewer which allows you to open, view,
and print any PDF file. Unlike other free PDF readers, Foxit Reader also includes easy
to use collaboration features like the ability to add annotations, fill out forms, and share
content with social networks. It is designed to meet the PDF viewing needs of enterprise
and government organizations, making it easy to deploy and manage in large enterprise
environments. Foxit Reader can also be customized to specific product features and
branding.
 Foxit MobilePDF - Allows users to work on PDF documents while on the go with any
Android or iPad device. Built on the same technology as Foxit Reader, MobilePDF
provides a similar PDF user experience from desktop to mobile devices. More than just a
PDF reader, it provides advanced display, collaboration tools, and page management
capabilities.
Desktop PDF Editing, Creation, and Security
 Foxit PhantomPDF™
o Foxit PhantomPDF Standard - Expands upon PhantomPDF Express by allowing
users to edit PDF document contents. Robust security features keep documents
safe, including encryption and digital signature. The form design tools let users
develop PDF forms. OCR support converts scanned or image-based content into
selectable and searchable text.
o Foxit PhantomPDF Business - Robust for the needs of businesses, it expands
upon PhantomPDF Standard by providing advanced editing and security features.
Policy protects PDF documents through Microsoft® Active Directory® Rights
Management Service. Permanently remove (redact) visible text and images to
protect confidential information. Foxit Advanced PDF Editor - Provides paragraph editing to reflow and reformat your
PDF text like a word processor. Resize page margins and spell check text to make
editing PDF documents easy.
PDF Index and Search
 Foxit PDF IFilter - Super-fast indexing allows users to index a large amount of PDF
documents and then quickly search these documents using popular search engines.
Built on Microsoft®'s IFilter indexing interface, Foxit PDF IFilter extracts data from PDF
documents and returns the index results to search engine software. It indexes PDF
content, titles, subjects, authors, keywords, bookmarks, attachments, create time/date,
number of pages, and the names of the creating applications.
PDF Security
 Foxit PDF Security Suite - Delivers cost effective PDF policy protection to any business
running Microsoft®SharePoint® or Exchange® with Active Directory® Rights Management
Services (AD RMS). For organizations that incorporate AD RMS that need to include
rights management to PDF files, Foxit PDF Security Suite seamlessly extends Microsoft
AD RMS to provide policy protection to PDF documents in SharePoint®, Exchange®,
and/or desktop solutions. These protected PDF documents can be read by the AD RMSaware Foxit Reader.
Software Development Kits (SDKs)
Foxit PDF SDKs enable developers and device manufacturers to leverage Foxit's award
winning PDF technology in their applications and devices. The SDKs allow developers to
incorporate powerful PDF technology to view, search, and annotate PDF. The SDKs provide
these capabilities in an easy to integrate, platform independent solution that allows
developers to reduce time to market by developing features once and then easily port these
capabilities to other platforms.
Foxit Strengths
Customers typically choose Foxit products for their:
 High Performance - Speeds three times faster than any other PDF software.
 Lightweight footprint - Won't exhaust system resource and deploys quickly.
 Great value / affordability - The right features at the right price with email and phone
support.
 Security - Safeguards confidential information.
 Customer Support - Available when you need them to quickly satisfy customer needs.Introduction to PDF
History of PDF
PDF is a file format used to represent documents in a manner independent of application
software, hardware, and operating systems. Each PDF file encapsulates a complete description
of a fixed-layout flat document, including the text, font, graphics, and other information needed
to display it.
While Adobe Systems made the PDF specification available for free in 1993, PDF remained a
proprietary format controlled by Adobe, until July 1, 2008, when it was officially released as an
open standard and published by the International Organization for Standardization as ISO
32000-1:2008. In 2008, Adobe published a Public Patent License to ISO 32000-1 granting
royalty-free rights for all patents owned by Adobe that are necessary to make, use, sell and
distribute PDF compliant implementations.
PDF Document Structure
A PDF document is composed of one or more pages. Each page has its own specifications to
indicate its appearance. All the contents in a PDF page, such as text, image, annotation and
form, etc. are represented as PDF objects. A PDF document can be considered as a hierarchy
of objects contained in the body section of a PDF file (more detailed description about PDF
objects is in section 4.20). Displaying a PDF document in an application involves loading PDF
document, parsing PDF objects, retrieving/decoding pages content and displaying/printing it on
a device. Editing a PDF document requires parsing the document structure, making changes
and reorganizing the PDF objects in a document. These operations could be done by a
conforming PDF reader/editor or in your own applications through APIs provided by Foxit.
PDF Document Features
PDF supports a lot of features to enhance the document capability, such as document
encryption, digital signatures, java script actions, form filling, layered content, multimedia
support and etc. These features provide users with more flexibility in displaying, exchanging
and editing documents. Foxit supports all PDF features in the ISO standard. Users can use
Foxit PDF SDK to fulfill these advanced features in your applications.Support
Foxit support home link:
http://www.foxitsoftware.com/support/
Sales contact phone number:
Phone: 1-866-680-3668
Email: sales@foxitsoftware.com
Support & General contact:
Phone: 1-866-MYFOXIT or 1-866-693-6948
Email: support@foxitsoftware.com
www.foxitsoftware.com